[pirateweather] Initial contribution (#18877)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.pirateweather/README.md

| current          | snow                 | Number:Speed         | Current snow intensity.                                                 |
| current          | precip-intensity     | Number:Speed         | Current precipitation intensity.                                        |
| current          | precip-probability   | Number:Dimensionless | Current precipitation probability.                                      |
| current          | precip-type          | String               | Current precipitation type (Rain, Snow or Sleet).                       |
| current          | uvindex              | Number               | Current UV index.                                                       |
| current          | ozone                | Number:ArealDensity  | Current ozone.                                                          |

### Hourly Forecast

| Channel Group ID                                            | Channel ID           | Item Type            | Description                                          |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------|----------------------|------------------------------------------------------|

> | forecast-hours-01, forecast-hours-02, ... forecast-hours-24 | time-stamp           | DateTime             | Time of data forecasted.                             |

Reviewer: The binding supports up to 48 hourly groups now, so this table should probably say `forecast-hours-01` ... `forecast-hours-48`.

Reviewer 2: fixed

Number:Temperature miamiCurrentTemperature "Current temperature in Miami [%.1f %unit%]" <temperature> { channel="pirateweather:weather-and-forecast:api:miami:current#temperature" }
...

String miamiHourlyForecast01Condition "Condition in Miami for the next hour [%s]" <sun_clouds> { channel="pirateweather:weather-and-forecast:api:miami:forecast-hours-01#condition" }
Number:Temperature miamiHourlyForecast01Temperature "Temperature in Miami for the next hour [%.1f %unit%]" <temperature> { channel="pirateweather:weather-and-forecast:api:miami:forecast-hours-01#temperature" }
...
String miamiHourlyForecast02Condition "Condition in Miami for hours 1 to 2 [%s]" <sun_clouds> { channel="pirateweather:weather-and-forecast:api:miami:forecast-hours-02#condition" }
Number:Temperature miamiHourlyForecast02Temperature "Temperature in Miami for hours 1 to 2 [%.1f %unit%]" <temperature> { channel="pirateweather:weather-and-forecast:api:miami:forecast-hours-02#temperature" }
...
```

### Sitemap

demo.sitemap

```perl
sitemap demo label="Pirate Weather" {
    Frame label="Local Weather Station" {

>         Text item=localStationId

Reviewer: These station items look left over from the OpenWeatherMap example. I do not see matching Pirate Weather channels, so copying this sitemap would fail.

Reviewer 2: fixed

# Pirate Weather Binding

This binding integrates the [Pirate Weather API](https://pirate-weather.apiable.io/).

## Supported Things

There are two supported things.

### Pirate Weather Account

First one is a bridge `weather-api` which represents the Pirate Weather account.
The bridge holds the mandatory API key to access the Pirate Weather API and several global configuration parameters.

> If your system language is supported by the Pirate Weather API it will be used as default language for the requested data.

Reviewer 2: Need to look at the actual handler, but it would be best to 1. use the openHAB configured language, 2. fallback to the system language and 3. use english of none is detectable.

Maybe it was already coded like this, but in that case the documentation should be update or it should be clear that with system you mean openHAB.

### Current Weather And Forecast

The second thing `weather-and-forecast` supports the current weather, hour-by-hour forecast for the next 48 hours and day-by-day forecast for the next week for a specific location.
It requires coordinates of the location of your interest.
You can add as many `weather-and-forecast` things for different locations to your setup as you like to observe.
Severe weather alerts are available in the United States.

## Discovery

> If a system location is set, a "Local Weather And Forecast" (`weather-and-forecast`) thing will be automatically discovered for this location.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a location is set in the openHAB configuration, a "Local Weather And Forecast" (`weather-and-forecast`) thing will be automatically discovered for this location.
```
